There should be like these boxes and you click on the boxes and there is like a short answer underneath. 
Questions that should be on the boxes: 
I’m stressed what do i do? 
Then you click on the box and underneath it says take deep breaths or simply take a walk outside or squeeze and play with a fidget 
There could also be youtube links on how to make a homemade squishy or simply family friendly crafts
I feel like I’m a burden on my friends and family. Am I? 
Then when you click on the box and underneath it says: 
I’m sorry that you feel this way but you’re really not. Some steps you could take to feel better is maybe talk to your family about how you feel. Every human is worth something or why else would they be created. It’s normal to feel this way and unfortunately many people feel this way, consider going into the chat room and talk this out with people that go through similar issues or you could try talking it out. Everyone in this world is worth something. If you need to talk send me a dm at reachanya@09.gmail.com 
If I go to therapy, is something wrong with me? 
No, going to therapy should be considered a normal thing and many people go through it, it helps you process your emotions and talk out what you go through. Anyone who says different is wrong!! If therapy isn't working for you try an alternate therapist or journal your feelings. 
If I have self harm thoughts, does that make me a bad person?
No, not at all. Sometimes the world can be a hard place to navigate and unfortunately sometimes people self harm as a way to “cope” but it isn’t. It just makes things worse. Take a deep breath and you got this!!!! Try doing other things to take your mind off of it, like taking a walk or biking, or even doing chores!!! Need anything, send a text at my email: Insert my email here 
How do I know if I need to talk to someone? 
If your thoughts are interfering you from doing your work or being happy or you have the strong urge to self harm then you should really talk to someone like a friend or parent. There are sucide crisis lifelines that you can talk to: a famous one being 988 and please feel free to shoot me an email : Insert my email here 
Im gay/ bisexual or trans, am I less of a person? What if my family doesn’t support me? 
Being gay or trans or anything does NOT mean you are less of a person, it just means you might identify differently then what “normal” people do and that’s ok. Many people fall under this category and if your family doesn’t support you , maybe they have different ideals and beliefs but that doesn’t make it ok. I'm sorry that you go through that, consider talking to them about it. 
Does being neurodivergent, make me incapable of finding love? 
Being different does not limit your capacity for love, many neurodivergent people still , can and do find love. 
What if I never find anyone to love? 
The right person could take time to find and comes at the right time and if you are not finding anyone, you could use this time to focus on your career and other things and not having a partner does NOT mean that you can’t still feel happy. There are many single happy people there. If you really want to find love, love yourself first and you can find it in your family and friends and the simple things you do! Don’t force or pressure yourself to find love . 
What does being neurodivergent mean? 
Someone’s brain which works in a fascinating and unique way not considered to be “normal” but the secret is, everyone in this world is a little neurodivergent in their own way.
I feel underconfident in my body, I’m too fat/skinny ish? 
Everyone’s body is different and you don't always have to compare yourself to everyone you see in school, work or social media where most people compare themselves. Everyone is beautiful in their own way. 
That’s it for now and if anyone has more questions, they should be able to type it and a space for me to answer them. 



Then after that there should be like a random wheel where you spin and it lands on a coping tool that you could do. 
The coping tools as options should be: 
 Take a walk 
Take 5 or more deep breaths 
Look around your room and count the things there 
Journal your feelings 
Hug a loved one (like mom, dad and sibling etc.) 
Bike outside 
Exercise 
Talk to a friend 
Write 5 positive things about yourself 
Play a bored game 
Plan a sleepover 
Make a craft 
Then after that there should be a quote page:
https://www.google.com/search?sca_esv=50347784169c3c85&rlz=1CAJCUZ_enUS988&sxsrf=AE3TifPYi7G1zFs8vZC-2SIJlzkcsDe7wg:1754532720062&udm=2&fbs=AIIjpHxU7SXXniUZfeShr2fp4giZ1Y6MJ25_tmWITc7uy4KIegmO5mMVANqcM7XWkBOa06eC1ZmWcaEOULvPaQAnI91LVk9TwauuWSRzBWmNqvxFrvRJoC-MCw2V4OZIVkWRilJLPXnf2z4wdHjzdCfiJYWzKsONpwxt1KYpoYn9nGEwi6RvIyl1N_hlTXhxNYBN6FgigqpWZ5CptZE5ywZBpCptwKVGmA&q=famous+quotes+for+mental+health&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwjdt5rcz_eOAxW_78kDHQakAfIQtKgLegQIGxAB&biw=1366&bih=647&dpr=1
Like maybe twenty quotes from here and there should be a space where people can add their own quotes but two quote that should be on there is : It’s ok to not be ok -unknown and Be kind for everyone you meet is fighting a battle-unknown

Chat rooms: There should be a chat room that multiple people can join so that they can talk about their issues there. Anyone can join but try to make it so unsafe bad people dont get on it 
 And then there should be a page that says Numbers to help: 
Sucide crisis lifeline: 988
Eating disorder: 866-662-1235


 On the bottom of the website it should say:  My email is Reachanya@09.gmail.com and if anyone has any problem, they can shoot me an email and type that I will try to get to all of them in the time I can but I could be busy from school and stuff. This is NOT a substitute for professional help, if you are seriously suffering, try something else, it’s just a tool to help people. 
  Website type: This should be like an official website thing that people can go on 
Thanks so much! 
-Jb poetry 

